[BLOG] Add labs-status-update (#552)
Quansight/Quansight-website: apps/labs/posts/labs-status-update-2019-04.md

[Google Season of Docs](https://developers.google.com/season-of-docs/) program,
and did everything needed to finalize the fiscal sponsorship agreement between
SciPy and NumFOCUS.

## Jupyter and JupyterLab improvements

Jupyter is a key part of the PyData ecosystem. It extends well beyond that though, so I'm
giving it its own bucket here. At Quansight we have a number of Jupyter core developers
and contributors. Ian Rose, Saul Shanabrook, Grant Nestor and others have been very busy
with both maintenance tasks and adding new features to Jupyter and JupyterLab.

JupyterLab is about to get support for printing (not inside the notebook, but the old-fashioned
`Ctrl-P` variant). [This pull request](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/5850)
by Saul has nice screenshots showing the feature in action for whole notebooks,
 images, the JSON viewer and the inspector.

Ian worked on the third alpha release of JupyterLab 1.0, on testing and CI infrastructure,
and other general maintenance tasks. He also improved PDF preview in JupyterLab, so it
now [works as expected](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/6264) in Firefox
and Chrome (at least).

> Saul added support for the [nteract Data Explorer](https://github.com/nteract/nteract/tree/master/packages/data-explorer) to the JupyterLab data registry as a plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Saul added support for the [nteract Data Explorer](https://data-explorer.nteract.io/) to the JupyterLab data registry as a plugin.
```

[Google Season of Docs](https://developers.google.com/season-of-docs/) program,
and did everything needed to finalize the fiscal sponsorship agreement between
SciPy and NumFOCUS.

## Jupyter and JupyterLab improvements

Jupyter is a key part of the PyData ecosystem. It extends well beyond that though, so I'm
giving it its own bucket here. At Quansight we have a number of Jupyter core developers
and contributors. Ian Rose, Saul Shanabrook, Grant Nestor and others have been very busy
with both maintenance tasks and adding new features to Jupyter and JupyterLab.

JupyterLab is about to get support for printing (not inside the notebook, but the old-fashioned
`Ctrl-P` variant). [This pull request](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/5850)
by Saul has nice screenshots showing the feature in action for whole notebooks,
 images, the JSON viewer and the inspector.

Ian worked on the third alpha release of JupyterLab 1.0, on testing and CI infrastructure,
and other general maintenance tasks. He also improved PDF preview in JupyterLab, so it
now [works as expected](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/6264) in Firefox
and Chrome (at least).

> Saul added support for the [nteract Data Explorer](https://github.com/nteract/nteract/tree/master/packages/data-explorer) to the JupyterLab data registry as a plugin.

Reviewer: @rgommers this nteract link is broken. Any suggestion for a replacement?

Reviewer 2: https://data-explorer.nteract.io/

[This pull request](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab-data-explorer/pull/10) shows it
in action on a pandas DataFrame.

Other interesting features are in progress and will make their way into the main
repositories soon.

## Starting to shape Labs

There is a lot of work to do to figure out for ourselves exactly what Labs
will be, and then to communicate that clearly to the outside world. We have
a rough idea (see [my first blog post](https://labs.quansight.org/blog/2019/04/joining-labs/)

> and [Travis' blog post](https://www.quansight.com/single-post/2019/04/02/Welcoming-Ralf-Gommers-as-Director-of-Quansight-Labs)), but there's a long way

Reviewer: Broken blog2blog link. CC @bskinn for visibility.

to go from there to having an compelling elevator pitch, a website that tells
our story well, people and projects organized, a funding stream, and more.

One of the first things we did do is start this blog, to start communicating
about the technical work we're doing. We're also going through the roadmaps

> published at [quansight.com/projects](https://www.quansight.com/projects),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: @rgommers I need to remove this link. Is this edit acceptable?

Reviewer 2: yes that's fine
